feat(lib): Bump button v3.3.0, expand button v3.2.0 and navigation button v3.3.0 (#3713)
Orange-OpenSource/Orange-Boosted-Bootstrap: site/src/content/docs/components/buttons.mdx

    <button type="button" class="btn btn-default">Default</button>
  </div>`} />

### Sizes

> Buttons are available in two sizes. Add `.btn-small` to have a smaller button. Default size is medium.

Reviewer: I do not get the "Default size is medium" as the Default is just default on the design...

Author: Oups, a copy pasta from other pages (badge)

    <button class="btn btn-default" type="button">Button</button>
  </div>`} />

#### Text wrapping

A button's text should not exceed one line, but will automatically wrap if necessary. It also natively supports `<br/>` tags to break the text into multiple lines. Read more about [text wrapping in a button](https://r.orange.fr/r/S-ouds-doc-button/t/b29aae8b37).

> If you don’t want the button text to wrap, you can add the `.text-nowrap` class to the button. In Sass, you can set `$btn-white-space: nowrap` to disable text wrapping for each button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you don’t want the button text to wrap, you can add the `.text-nowrap` class to the button. In Sass, you can set `$btn-white-space: nowrap` to disable text wrapping for all buttons.
```
